Whiteboard

BACKEND
    DATA: 
        SOURCES:
            steamspy
                Coulmns:'appid', 'name', 'developer', 'publisher', 'score_rank', 'positive',
                        'negative', 'userscore', 'owners', 'average_forever', 'average_2weeks',
                        'median_forever', 'median_2weeks', 'price', 'initialprice', 'discount',
                        'ccu'
            storefront: 
                Columns:'appid', 'genres', 'type', 'release_date'
                Datatypes: 'int', 'dict' {keys = id, description}, 'string', 'dict' {keys = 'coming_soon', 'date'}
        USE:
            description: Pull data from API, clean the storefront columns to pull genre information into useable format
                        and release_date information into useable format. (Possibly rework code to use id for genre information
                        after making a map for each genres id in english)

                        Merge datasets on appid, making sure that duplicates are removed before mergring

                        No need dropping anything, BUT we know userscore is filled with NAs.

                        When training the Random Forest, make sure to drop NAs for pertinent columns (not across dataset, since
                        userscore would drop majority of cases)

                        Use data to train Random Forest

                        Use for charts on website showing different aspects of indie games (also indie vs non indie)
                            CHART (ideas): 
                                Count of genres in indie games: COMPLETED sum genre columns to create aggregates as bargraph. 

                                Average Positive vs Negative reviews by genre: bargraph with two bars per category, 
                                    one positive one negative. Shows the relative review mix for each genre
                                        NEEDS average of positive and negative groupped by genre


                                Average max playercount: (might be skewed by in relation to count for each genre, such that 
                                    those genres with large counts will make it hard to see average of smaller count genres) 
                                    Bar graph
                                        NEEDS average average_forever groupped by genre

                                Popularity of Genre over time (interactively add genres): line chart with x-axis as release date,
                                    y axis as count, and line colors as different genres. Allow user to add remove genres as they
                                    see fit. 
                                        NEEDS sum of genre columns, groupped by month/year of release_date

                                Top Indie games: take 5-10 of the highest owned indie games and give them a highlight section
                                    with number of ccu, max player count, etc
                                        NEEDS select top 5 rows of relevant columns, ordered by owners descending
        INGESTION: API pulls
            LOOKING for two things: new games, updates to previous games, and average ccu overtime during peak hours
                HOW: each pull will need to happen during peak hours for gaming aka. weekends, throughout the day 
                     to get information for peak times across the world (ASSUMPTION weekends are busiest across globe for gaming)
                PULL info: we also need to record when pulls happened for each game, i.e. time of day and date
                           used for future charts (approximately when did x game hit top charts)

FRONTEND 
    multi-paged with charts on one tab and ML prediction on other?
    or single paged with charts and ML predicitons together 
    Want to highlight the ML predictor as that is the purpose of the page.
                        

                                
                